Add proxy parameter to http resource (#5757)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/http.md

      ...
    end

### proxy

> `proxy` may be specified to set the proxy uri / proxy hash or disable proxy settings to be read from environment varaible.
> 
> `proxy` parameter can be use to set the `URI` of the proxy including username and password for e.g. `http://user1:password@www.example.com`. Note this will not work for Windows remote target, user hash to provide proxy values for Windows.
> 
>     describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: "http://user1:password@www.example.com:3128") do
>       ...
>     end
> 
> Make sure if you have special characters in the `URI` then that needs to convert into the UTF8 for e.g. if proxy password has special character like `@` for e.g. "bar@123" need to set as "bar%40123"
> 
>     describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: "http://user1:bar%40123@www.example.com:3128") do
>       ...
>     end
> 
> `proxy` parameter also accpets the proxy options in hash format (Special character conversion is not needed if you providing the password having special character in hash format.) for e.g.
> 
>     describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: { uri: 'http://www.example.com:3128', user: 'user1', password: 'proxypassword'}) do
>       ...
>     end
> 
> Note : For Windows remote target system proxy values needs to be provided in the hash format.
> 
> `proxy` can be set to `disable` to ignore the proxy set in the environment variable.
> 
>     describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: 'disable') do
>       ...
>     end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a `proxy` to test by passing in the proxy URI or a hash of the proxy URI, a username, and password. Specify `disable` to ignore a proxy set as an environment variable.

You can include the username and password in the `proxy` parameter:

    describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: "http://username:password@www.example.com:3128") do
      ...
    end

The `proxy` parameter also accepts proxy options in hash format:

    describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: { uri: 'http://www.example.com:3128', user: 'username', password: 'proxypassword'}) do
      ...
    end

Use `disable` to ignore the proxy set in the environment variable:

    describe http('http://localhost:8080/ping', proxy: 'disable') do
      ...
    end

{{< note >}}

Windows remote targets do not accept username and password values in a string; use the hash format instead.

{{< /note >}}

{{< note >}}

Special characters in the URI must be converted to their UTF-8 equivalent when passed in to the `proxy` parameter as a string. For example, the string `http://username:bar@123@www.example.com:3128` must be passed in as `http://username:bar%40123@www.example.com:3128` instead.

Special characters may be passed into the hash format without conversion to UTF-8 characters.

{{< /note >}}
```
